Upstreamize API guide (#3212)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_api-response-codes.adoc

[id="api-response_codes"]
= API response codes

The {ProjectNameX} API provides HTTP response status codes for API calls.
The following codes are common for all resources in the {Project} API.

.API response codes
[cols="2,5" options="header"]
|====
|Response |Explanation
|200 OK |For a successful request action: show, index, update, or delete (GET, PUT, DELETE requests).
|201 Created |For a successful create action (POST request).
|301 Moved Permanently |Redirect when {Project} is restricted to use HTTPS and HTTP is attempted.

> |400 Bad Request |A required parameter is missing or the search query has invalid syntax.

Reviewer: TIL

|401 Unauthorized |Failed to authorize the user (for example, incorrect credentials).
|403 Forbidden |The user has insufficient permissions to perform the action or read the resource, or the action is unsupported in general.
|404 Not Found |The record with the given ID does not exist.
It can appear in show and delete actions when the requested record does not exist; or in create, update and delete actions when one of the associated records does not exist.

> |409 Conflict |Could not delete the record due to existing dependencies (for example, host groups with hosts).

Author: ```suggestion
|409 Conflict |Could not delete the record due to existing dependencies, for example, host groups that still contain hosts.
```

> |415 Unsupported Media Type |The content type of the HTTP request is not JSON.

Author: I'd prefer not to because I have suspicion that it refers to the content type header.
